Yoyo, if Mommy can't find Daddy for you
Do you blame mom?
Of course not.
I don't want my dad anymore.
Why didn't you say it before?
I especially envy Wang Xiaoming's father
Did you say that his father fights very hard?
No, I just know.
Wang Xiaoming's father
The one who hit the hardest was Wang Xiaoming's mother.
I want Wang Xiaoming
Don't ask for his dad
If he really misses his dad
You can call me dad
What do you mean?
But Wang Xiaoming is going to kindergarten
When can Yoyo start kindergarten?
Mom will find a way for you.
Hello Zhang Ting
You wanted to see me?
These are some toys I bought for Yoyo
And nutrition
No, nothing else.
I'll buy these things for Yoyo myself